ci: optimize and simplify CI suite (#136)
ansible-collections/hashicorp.vault: CI.md

| [tests.yml](.github/workflows/tests.yml) | unit-galaxy | Executes unit tests via ansible-test and tox-ansible | 3.10, 3.11, 3.12 | 2.16 |
| [tests.yml](.github/workflows/tests.yml) | unit-source | Executes pytest unit tests from source | 3.10-3.14 (see exclusions) | 2.16-2.20, devel |
| [linters.yml](.github/workflows/linters.yml) | linters | Runs `black`, `flake8`, and `isort` via tox | 3.11 | N/A |
| [integration.yml](.github/workflows/integration.yml) | run-integration-tests | Executes integration test suites against live Vault | 3.12, 3.13 (see matrix) | devel, stable-2.18, stable-2.19 |

**Notes:**
- Integration tests require a live HashiCorp Vault instance. The workflow uses GitHub secrets (`VAULT_ADDR`, `VAULT_APPROLE_ROLE_ID`, `VAULT_APPROLE_SECRET_ID`) and targets the `admin/hashicorp-vault-integration-tests` namespace.
- The collection's [tox.ini](tox.ini) file defines linting environments only. Unit and integration tests are run via ansible-test in GitHub Actions workflows, not through tox.

> - The integration workflow uses matrix exclusions: stable versions test with Python 3.12 only, while `devel` requires Python 3.13+ (as of ansible-core 2.19+).

Reviewer: The Python 3.13 requirement is only in the unreleased devel branch. https://docs.ansible.com/projects/ansible/latest/reference_appendices/release_and_maintenance.html#ansible-core-support-matrix

```suggestion
- The integration workflow uses matrix exclusions: stable versions test with Python 3.12 only, while `devel` requires Python 3.13+ (future ansible-core 2.22+).
```
